I was a young guys bang ring and see if
didn't gonna show you how to install
minecraft forge for 1.6.2 first things
first you gonna wanna download the
recommended version for 1.6.2 and
download the installer because I know it
is that Universal doesn't work like that
the universal link if you put it like in
inversion spot to work so skip ad keep
now we're gonna go to minecraft
you know first things first if you have
a loaded minecraft you're gonna go to
app data set a better person dot
minecraft and if you have worlds I don't
have current worlds because they just
made a brand new Minecraft if you have
worlds put them on the desktop and
resource packs as well but I don't have
that so I'm gonna put them back then
you're gonna yeah you're gonna go here
wait for this to load once you download
it you're gonna put it to desktop and
close your browser now you're gonna want
to double-click your minecraft forge
installer install find extract to
roaming minecraft installed successfully
install time for our fourth version
table you're gonna be dead to the
recycle bin open a Minecraft again that
a profile
you might want to put these files check
them
I've always good seasoning around
because I have ten so if you have like
four put like two or three maybe I don't
know use a forge version make sure you
use this one otherwise it will not work
click Play now I think it will it will
download the fourth file so it might
take a couple of minutes but yeah just
let that load once that is done you can
close the developers console I I can
never find my mouse when I when I record
with with it's called Camtasia Studio
say you're gonna go to mods and there we
go
you have my graphical pack for smart
loader and minecraft forge Sam that was
it for this tutorial if you want to know
how to install mods I will make a
tutorial on yeah
how to install mods for Minecraft forge
and I will always link you to this
download if you don't know how to
install forge
so thank you guys for watching hope this
helped leave a like if you did and yeah
I'll see you next time guys bye